justify-content: flex-end;
justify-content: center;
Justify-content: space-around;
Justify-content: space-between;
(justify-content: center;
align-items: center;)
(justify-content: space-around;
align-items: flex-end;)
flex-direction: row-reverse;
flex-direction: column;
(flex-direction: row-reverse;
justify-content: flex-end;)
(flex-direction: column;
justify-content: flex-end;)
(flex-direction: column-reverse;
justify-content: space-between;)
(flex-direction: row-reverse;
align-items: flex-end;
justify-content: center;)
order: 1;
order: -3;
align-self: flex-end;
(order: 2;
align-self: flex-end;)
flex-wrap: wrap;
(flex-wrap: wrap;
flex-direction: column;)
flex-flow: column wrap;
align-content: flex-start;
align-content: flex-end;
(flex-direction: column-reverse;
align-content: center);
(flex-wrap: wrap-reverse;
flex-direction: column-reverse;
align-content: space-between;
justify-content: center)




align-content
flex-start: Lines are packed at the top of the container.
flex-end: Lines are packed at the bottom of the container.
center: Lines are packed at the vertical center of the container.
space-between: Lines display with equal spacing between them.
space-around: Lines display with equal spacing around them.
stretch: Lines are stretched to fit the container.
This can be confusing, but align-content determines the spacing between lines, while align-items determines how the items as a whole are aligned within the container. When there is only one line, align-content has no effect.

flex-wrap
nowrap: Every item is fit to a single line.
wrap: Items wrap around to additional lines.
wrap-reverse: Items wrap around to additional lines in reverse.

Justify-content
flex-start: Items align to the left side of the container.
flex-end: Items align to the right side of the container.
center: Items align at the center of the container.
space-between: Items display with equal spacing between them.
space-around: Items display with equal spacing around them.

Align-items / align-self
flex-start: Items align to the top of the container.
flex-end: Items align to the bottom of the container.
center: Items align at the vertical center of the container.
baseline: Items display at the baseline of the container.
stretch: Items are stretched to fit the container.

Flex-direction
row: Items are placed the same as the text direction.
row-reverse: Items are placed opposite to the text direction.
column: Items are placed top to bottom.
column-reverse: Items are placed bottom to top.


Notice that when the flex direction is a column, justify-content changes to the vertical and align-items to the horizontal.

The two properties flex-direction and flex-wrap are used so often together that the shorthand property flex-flow was created to combine them. This shorthand property accepts the value of one of the two properties separated by a space.
For example, you can use flex-flow: row wrap to set rows and wrap them.